[Applause]
man hike hey thanks for coming with this
Mongkol sure been the view up here's
amazing surely yes we should take a
picture yeah oh hey excuse me sir would
you mind taking a picture of us sure
thank you Thanks how do you mind
scooting in a little bit you know what
if we can get some of this natural
lighting okay I'm you in the middle
you're kind of slouching can you
straighten your back just a little bit
okay good just take the picture you know
this isn't working George can you come
out here George hmm
let's powder off the older one yeah yeah
okay and let's get the girl on the left
a wig and let's get the girl on the
right of proper arms just kind of
dangling there I'm not a big fan okay
okay how was that I don't understand I
think you're just taking this way too
far Am I girl on the right am i you know
what this isn't working Frank sweetie I
need a model and I need it now
I think we just need a picture
girl this is your new mother
[Applause]
okay people we're gonna need a massive
overhaul pronto and I'm not gonna lie
I'm not in love with this backdrop here
we go let's move let's move we're on a
time schedule here let's get some wind
all right we're still missing something
and first up her nose scalpel
[Applause]
[Music]